[docs] Add a demo about how to debounde `onChange` (#8627)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/date-pickers/base-concepts/base-concepts.md

Make sure to provide an `aria-labelledby` prop to `popper` and/or `mobilePaper` `slotProps` in case you are using Date and Time Pickers component with **hidden toolbar** and **without a label**.
:::

## Server interaction

If the selected value is used to interact with server, you might want to avoid sending all the intermediate states.
Especially if the user is setting the date thanks to arrow interaction.

In such a case, the recommended UI is to add a button for validating the form.
If for some reason, you need to send the data to the server without having the user pressing a validation button, you can debouce the `onChange` as follow.

> In the next demos, `<DateField />` is extended to add an `onAccept` props which is a debounced version of the `onChange`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following demo, `<DateField />` is extended adding an `onAccept` prop which is a debounced version of the `onChange`.
```

Author: @samuelsycamore could you give some hints on this topic?

I noticed that each time I want to express "the thing X has been done to get the result Y" I end up with the structure "X is <verb+ED> to <verb> Y" which Grammarly frequently corrects by "X is <verb+ED> <verb+ING> Y"

My problem is that: 
the first sentence feels like "X is done in order to get Y" (what I want to express)
the corrected sentence feels like "X is done the consequence being Y"

I don't know the correct expression, and if there is a better way to express this kind of idea.

Reviewer 2: Grammarly can be helpful sometimes but it's not always trustworthy. It has odd idiosyncrasies and misunderstands what's being communicated. In this case the structure doesn't make sense. I think it stems from a larger problem, which is that the sentence itself uses passive voice, and Grammarly doesn't understand how the clauses are related. 

Here's how I would rephrase it to use active voice instead:

```suggestion
The following demo shows how to extend the Date Field component by adding an `onAccept` prop, which is a debounced version of `onChange`.
```
